Docs: Improve createAsyncThunk for TS use (#668)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/api/createAsyncThunk.md

) => RejectedWithValueAction<ThunkArg, RejectedValue>
```

> To handle these actions in your reducers, reference the action creators in `createReducer` or `createSlice` using either the object key notation or the "builder callback" notation (Note that if you use TypeScript, you [have to use the latter](../usage/usage-with-typescript#type-safety-with-extrareducers)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle these actions in your reducers, reference the action creators in `createReducer` or `createSlice` using either the object key notation or the "builder callback" notation. (Note that if you use TypeScript, you [should use the "builder callback" notation to ensure the types are inferred correctly](../usage/usage-with-typescript#type-safety-with-extrareducers)):
```

> To handle these actions in your reducers, reference the action creators in `createReducer` or `createSlice` using either the object key notation or the "builder callback" notation. (Note that if you use TypeScript, you [should use the "builder callback" notation to ensure the types are inferred correctly](../usage/usage-with-typescript#type-safety-with-extrareducers)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle these actions in your reducers, reference the action creators in `createReducer` or `createSlice` using either the object key notation or the "builder callback" notation. (Note that if you use TypeScript, you [should use the "builder callback" notation to ensure the types are inferred correctly](../usage/usage-with-typescript.md#type-safety-with-extrareducers)):
```
